# Loan-interest-rates
A personal loan is a smaller loan than a mortgage and is generally used to finance a car or other vehicle, renovations to a home, consolidation of debt, to finance a vacation of one kind or another, and a great number of other things. A personal loan is of a shorter term than a mortgage. Personal Loan is unsecured Loan, as the Banks consider or approves Loan, purely based on financial strength of the Salary Individual and the documents that are supported along with the application. The required Documents are discussed in this section
Loansdirect.in started its operations way back in 2001 in Chennai to cater the Salary Individuals, Business People and other Government Employees of State Government and Central Government. Slowly, Loansdirect.in has spread its wings in Hyderabad, Bangalore, Coimabatore and Visakhapatnam. Loansdirect.in is a Financial Advisor and facilitates the persons in need of Personal Loans, Business Loans, Mortgage Loans, Home Loans, Credit Cards, Car Loans and Insurance . Loansdirect.in facilitates the eligible persons who are looking for Personal loans and the eligible persons includes Salaried Individuals in Corporate companies, Self Employed Professional like Doctors, Chartered Accountants, Engineers, Architects and other Management Consultants. The eligibility criteria is based on basic parameters like Net Income or Salary of the Individual, should be resident of city where the eligible person is applying for a Loan, should possess Identity Proof, Residence Proof, also the applicant should be in a position to provide Salary slips for the last three months and Bank Statement for the last six months. After getting all the required documents, the documents will be submitted in the bank for approval. Credit Managers at Banks will go through the documents and assess the eligibility for a Personal Loan. Later, Bank will inform the Loan applicant about his loan eligibility and also provide terms and conditions for availing a Personal Loan. Availing a Personal Loan is easy and the Customer should ensure no default payments should happen during Re Payments. Otherwise, the name of the applicant and their credibility score reflects in CIBIL. Personal Loans may be used for children education, marriage, study abroad, purchase of land & other immovable property and many more. Nowadays, most of the Banks approve on basis of Simple Documentation and Less time
Credit Information Bureau (India) Limited or CIBIL is a Credit Information Company (CIC) founded in August 2000. CIBIL has come to play a critical role in India’s financial system. Whether it is to help loan providers manage their business or help consumers secure credit faster and at better terms, the use of CIBIL’s products have led to a massive change in the way the credit life cycle is managed by both loan providers and consumers.
